1.4 controversial topic expansion (#44)
allthingslinux/code-of-conduct: README.md

Members are free to express themselves and offer constructive criticism and input. We celebrate and encourage our diverse perspectives, backgrounds, and opinions.

However, this community upholds a model of responsible communication. While we lean into the courage of discussions, we urge members to refrain from initiating sensitive and/or controversial topics that might trigger conflict, perpetuate hatred, or incite violence.

Avoid offering or seeking professional advice, including but not limited to medical, legal, therapeutic, religious, or financial matters.

Controversial topics are defined as subjects that commonly spark debate and conflict. These include, but are not limited to:
- Politics (such as government policy, political figures, party ideologies)
- Religious belief systems and practices
- Ongoing global conflicts and war

> - Historical atrocities and ideologies (such as Nazism, terrorism, slavery, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Historical atrocities and practices (such as Nazism, terrorism, genocide, slavery, etc.)
```
